DOC-56 Import Technology Providers Playbook (#110)
Ed-Fi-Alliance-OSS/ed-fi-alliance-oss.github.io: docs/getting-started/provider-playbook/technology-providers-implementation/getting-started-with-apis/all-providers/readme.md

# All Providers

_"I hear and I forget. I see and I remember. I do and I understand."_ _\-Confucius_

The information in this section explores the Ed-Fi API. It is designed to help new developers learn the basics necessary to do a few initial transactions with the API.

Rather than talk about data exchanges, let's see some in action. The following brief activities will allow you to see data flowing using an Ed-Fi API Sandbox.

> These activities use a browser-based toolkit called Swagger UI. This toolkit allows your browser to send requests to the API and receive responses from the API. You can access the **Ed-Fi ODS / API sandbox** at [https://api.ed-fi.org/](https://api.ed-fi.org/v5.3/docs/swagger/index.html?urls.primaryName=Resources). You can [read more about Swagger UI here](https://swagger.io/tools/swagger-ui/).

Reviewer: ```suggestion
These activities use a browser-based toolkit called Swagger UI. This toolkit allows your browser to send requests to the API and receive responses from the API. You can access the **Ed-Fi ODS / API sandbox** at [https://api.ed-fi.org/](https://api.ed-fi.org/v7.2/docs/swagger/index.html?urls.primaryName=Resources). You can [read more about Swagger UI here](https://swagger.io/tools/swagger-ui/).
```

Author: updated.
